ic-agent/README.adoc, before:

= Public Spec

== Goal
This library contains typings and utility functions dealing with the public spec and the HTTP
client. It might be shared in the future but for now is separated for the purpose of testing and
development.

== Running Tests
Regular tests can be run by anyone using `cargo test`. This will not run a special version of the
tests that runs against a server implementation of the public specification, though those
tests can be run against a compatible Replica.

=== Public Spec Tests
The `ic-ref` integration tests have to have a locally available server (cannot be run accross
a network). To run those locally, one must set the `IC_REF_PORT` environment variable to the
network port the server listens to.

If you know a replica is compatible with the ic_api version supported in the code, you can run
the replica (for example, using `dfx replica`) locally and set the environment variable to the
port the replica will listen to.

Once you have a replica and the environment variable, change the current directory to the
`ic-agent` package, and run the `ic-ref` test suite, using:

[sources, bash]
----
cd ic-agent
cargo test --features=ic_ref_tests --test ic-ref
----

Alternatively, removing the `--test ic-ref` argument will run ALL tests, including the `ic-ref`
test suite.

On CI, we use a reference implementation which the Replica follows as well. This ensures
compatibility with the latest version.

== References
The public specification of the Internet Computer is, at this moment, privately shared. When it
is made public a reference to the version supported will be available here.

Commit message:

tests: add ic-ref tests and universal canister wasm

ic-agent/README.adoc, after:

= Public Spec

== Goal
This library contains typings and utility functions dealing with the public spec and the HTTP
client. It might be shared in the future but for now is separated for the purpose of testing and
development.

== Running Tests
Regular tests can be run by anyone using `cargo test`. This will not run a special version of the
tests that runs against a server implementation of the public specification, though those
tests can be run against a compatible Replica.

=== Public Spec Tests
The `ic-ref` integration tests have to have a locally available server (cannot be run accross
a network). To run those locally, one must set the `IC_REF_PORT` environment variable to the
network port the server listens to.

If you know a replica is compatible with the ic_api version supported in the code, you can run
the replica (for example, using `dfx replica`) locally and set the environment variable to the
port the replica will listen to.

You will also need a canister to install and run. Unfortunately, at this moment the "universal
canister" isn't made public and you will want to skip those tests if you can't build it. The
environment variable to use it is `IC_UNIVERSAL_CANISTER_PATH` and it should point to the
WASM file on disk.

Once you have a replica and the environment variables, change the current directory to the
`ic-agent` package, and run the `ic-ref` test suite, using:

[sources, bash]
----
cd ic-agent
cargo test --features=ic_ref_tests --test ic-ref
----

Alternatively, removing the `--test ic-ref` argument will run ALL tests, including the `ic-ref`
test suite.

On CI, we use a reference implementation which the Replica follows as well. This ensures
compatibility with the latest version.

== References
The public specification of the Internet Computer is, at this moment, privately shared. When it
is made public a reference to the version supported will be available here.
